DataSourcePicker: Add new style of data source picker. (#63736)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/index.md

| `logsContextDatasourceUi`          | Allow datasource to provide custom UI for context view                                                                                                                       |
| `lokiQuerySplitting`               | Split large interval queries into subqueries with smaller time intervals                                                                                                     |
| `individualCookiePreferences`      | Support overriding cookie preferences per user                                                                                                                               |

> | `drawerDataSourcePicker`           | Changed UX for selecting datasources, opens in a drawer                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `drawerDataSourcePicker`           | Changes the user experience for data source selection to a drawer.                                                                                                                       |
```
